what's up guys let's finally come to
here and today I've got you figure
unboxing it's an elite smell you can say
it's an elitist and elites articulated
figure so I'm sure babe can you figure
for you guys is an exclusive
Stephen battery and before we start off
I'm gonna new feature one during this
trial i think i've seen other people do
other animators other people having
picnics cetera and they do get a shout
touch for a small guys well i think
deserve more subscribers someone start
doing them every video just give one guy
we shout out all forgetting a few more
subs and it's not you know guys have you
comment in the description the comments
down below there that i want a shoutout
then you are ruling yourself out free
aquino Shoto right away so i recommend
not to do that but he might get one and
the shout out in this video come right
at the end so make sure you tune in to
see who that will be so let's get
started then and then you figure I got
today in the mail was a Andre the Giant
exclusive BB legends yeah the boy the
fresh canal on the second legends figure
because i've got about the Shawn
Michaels margin Antiochus your bag I go
this off ebay for 15 pound including
shipping which I thought it's a pretty
good deal to be honest I I thought its
what cool site again that's gonna box
figure so those get right into it and
it's to get the inbox and going oh yeah
I'm gonna do a few more of these kind of
videos guys I think riding in boxing and
hopefully know people like to watch so
here we go Andre the Giant that's happy
here we go
like it came with this that's quite nice
hello there mr. boxes a decent box we
keep its box it's at inside it just fits
in quite snugly here we go the figure
comes obviously there we go under the
dryer in the back when every girl comes
with the WWE Championship first get out
on the camera for you yeah that's big
i'm only just one will get right into a
penis it's the legends figure thing is
quite rare i'm not too sure if it's
quite rare i think i'm wrestling where
they got a pretty good price on it the
thing is the matter we've got 17 pounds
figure positive for piled shipping so
i'll be twenty-one taking it got six
pound off this figure if you bought off
for a summer outside don't get it let me
just get right into a penis Oh scale
gonna figure to hear this in the bank
cream I don't open the copyright from
the bat their way of just space like
that it's tara trail doesn't have to
fill out that's quite easy here's a
figure open a monster right here it has
figures i got this almost half the
figure i think I'm not not correcting
myself animating with it goes anything
I've a feeling it's gonna be quite hard
to anime with box and all I got it so
here we are wow that looks really good
can I like the beat is a good size
I was like a big shock in a size there
is I'll get the head first the heads can
sighs you're pretty good in this figure
have vodka for this joints and ankles
are all good everything is good their
heads nice and good and it's actually a
wee bilis but is actually not too bad
I've seen worse
figures foolishness I think people like
WWE Extreme 25 feet of huddle all those
figures I can't feel sorry from every
video that he opens is new figure and
it's listening and color listen uh
shoulder or in the body so yeah that's
plus one karma for me but yeah I really
hot I just figure out ready just always
going to display this figure somewhere
probably downstairs here in where I
animate but I have ocular it's quite a
standard kinda figure it's nothing for
their tire wise it's very very sound
upset singlet there you'll obviously
come down bit I think it's a big shoe
body I can't say much choice you much
better figure yeah if you guys can make
your own judgments on Acra like you
there's a WB championship out again this
is my second one I've got diesel which
came with the belt and there we are
again I'm not too much to say about it
really nice detailed ballad be good to
have that's way guys I'm not about waste
your time at when you figure I've got
today it's a really cool figure so yeah
guys under the giant that's my light
gone again I don't edit blank so when
Blake watches us I'm gonna keep this
going you more not editing bike well I'm
not going to edit that out like can
really okay that's fate I'm gonna put
some pictures at the end of the figure
so guys stare out to those kind of
copying what do we meet you in 25 does
but he won't mind because he loves me
and that's but it to be honest yeah
shouts no so who are gonna give a shout
out to this time while this guy it's
probably once improve animators on the
scene in my opinion let me give a shut
up to kick a Darden I think again he's
only got 450 subscribers I got some math
a more just salty good animation
I bet a lot of you already subscribed to
him and if you're not if you wonder I'm
500 450 people on my channel I've not
subscribing 500 people lots of arms of
her to me not screw up to him good on
their link will be either here or below
I just make sure you sucked it in and
that's about it to be honest guys enjoy
enjoyed the video chouteau next video
and thanks for 1000 subs almost almost
at 1000 subscribers 40 more to get so
big booty I'll turn you to 1000
subscribers I'm going to TNA on
Wednesday live hopefully get a new
figure then I might try and get the
broccoli 99 should have got or an 18
Dolph Ziggler which ones to get Dolph
Luger brought less or comment below
again this big guys thanks for watching
like comment subscribe i like to get to
1000 subs thanks guys